I see threads pages Instagram accounts
that are all about fitness motivation or
weight loss motivation well there's a
problem with seeking motivation in that
it usually revolves around pictures or
videos individuals who may be 10,000
decisions away from being at a fitness
level where you are so for example the
pictures of arnold schwarzenegger jeremy
boy india these are these are people who
are at the absolute peak of physical
development even NFL players absolute
peak perfect genetics all sorts of
things and so when somebody presents you
with a potential bad decision like they
put a chocolate cake in front of you you
think oh I have 10,000 steps to go so if
I just screw this one step up it's not
gonna make that much of a difference
that is fake news so it's much easier
instead of looking for motivation what
you need is discipline because
discipline you can use very simple
decision-making process this is this is
a lizard brain process do you want to
wake up tomorrow morning and be the guy
who screwed up your principles and
decided to break from what you've
already committed yourself to or not so
it's one decision it's one decision one
moment one day so I asked a friend of
mine who's really been struggling to
lose weight he says well I don't want to
give up pizza I don't give up beer I
don't want to give up chocolate cake he
turns I doesn't really want to give up
anything and I said look have you ever
had a day with pizza without pizza or
without beer or without soda yeah of
course right and you're traveling
whatever didn't get that and you had
something else so if you made it through
one day and you didn't go insane then
maybe you can make it through another
day and then if you make these decisions
day by day
nutrition is much
easier and you don't have those moments
so when you sit down you have a choice
between ordering that really healthy
meal or having nachos and your friends
say yeah I don't want to be that person
today I want to be the person that's
stuck to what I committed myself to and
it's much easier to stay on that path
and then day after day after day 10,000
decisions later or or less
you haven't you want